(shapes springing) (electrical warbling) - So I have been using
this M1 Max MacBook Pro for the past three
years since it came out, and it's been great. I have felt absolutely no
compulsion to upgrade since, haven't needed to. It's funny, most of my
work is pretty light, but occasionally I will have
to edit a video on the go, which is then when, you
know, the extra horsepower and the screen and everything
about this comes in handy, and it's great. If I didn't have to do that ever, I would just have, like,
an Air or a Surface Laptop, something like that. But that range of work is why
this has been great for me, and it's been awesome so far. (light groovy electronic music) So along comes this M4
generation of MacBook Pros, and it's the first generation that I have actually been
tempted to maybe upgrade to. You know, they've stacked a couple of the right upgrades in the right places for things that actually
make a difference to me. So let's just get right
into it. Nuts and bolts. 'Cause the first big
pillar is performance. And the main reason why this
new laptop matters at all is that it's got the new
generation of M4 chips inside. And we all know the leap from Intel chips to Apple silicon chips
for M1 was generational. But since then, it's been
a sort of more reasonable incremental upgrade, going
from M1 to M2, then M3, and then M4. So I think it's pretty
obvious that nobody with an M2 or M3 needs to upgrade, but there have been
enough improvements now stacking up upon each other from M1 to M4 that the numbers are now starting to get kind of interesting. So just to set the stage, this
laptop that I've been using is the M1 Max maxed out. Basically, the best you
could get at the time. 64 gigs of unified memory on this system. And this unit I've been
testing of the M4 Max is also maxed out. It's the best you can get now; faster, stronger on the new one: Three nanometers versus five, 546 gigs per second of memory bandwidth versus 400. Just the hardware
improvements to get to M4 Max are clearly there. So, to keep the apples-to-apples
comparison going, Apple, in their own presentation, said up to 2.2 times faster
CPU performance than M1 Max and 1.9 times faster GPU performance. So we're looking at around twice as fast, and the synthetic benchmarks
I've run back this up. I got over 4,000 in
Geekbench 6 CPU single core, which is the highest single
core score ever in a Mac by a while. And the multi-core score
was incredible, too. Tops the chart. And then, GPU has imp