Apple has officially updated its entry-level 14-in MacBook Pro. It's available right now in stores and the biggest change is that this is the new M5 MacBook Pro. It's one of three products this week to actually go on sale featuring this M5 chip. We actually did our hands-on impressions of the new M5 iPad Pro already. So, if you want to check that out, feel free to click the link here or in the description. But, in this video, we're going to go over my impressions of this new device as well as everything that's new. And on that point, the everything new portion is going to be a little short because well, it's it's just a spec bumped update. I mean, you get the M5 chip, like I just mentioned, and with that comes some pretty modest performance gains, especially in the GPU department, in just one short year, which is very impressive. But, obviously, someone who's used the M4 isn't going to be super thrilled about the M5 because well, there's not a lot that's new. But, if you're coming from anything else that's older, a few years older, even a Windows machine, this is exciting. And so, I'm going to do my best to be as excited as possible and deliver you all of the new improvements from the performance aspect of the M5 chip. So, on that note, compared to the M4 chip that again, Apple just launched back in May of 2024, the M5 delivers up to 15% faster multi-threaded CPU performance, up to 30% faster overall graphics, 45% faster ray tracing performance for all you MacBook gamers out there, and 27 and 1/2% higher unified memory bandwidth, which is actually pretty key here since this will play a pretty big role or a decent role in some of the performance improvements that we'll see with these machines. In addition to general performance claims, Apple has also published a set of specific real-world workload results showcasing measurable gains in AI-driven applications. So, four times peak GPU compute performance for AI, you have 3.6 times faster time to first token for LLM, 1.8 times faster topaz video enhancing processing, 1.7 times faster blender ray tracing rendering, and 2.9 times faster AI speech enhancement in Premiere Pro, which peaks my interest a little bit as an editor here. But, there are other improvements that Apple has made with this chip compared to last year like its third generation for ray tracing engine, second generation for dynamic caching, enhanced shader cores. All of this really ultimately most likely won't matter to most of you out there, in 